what happened okay damn man Willie ran
like three hundred feet you are really
out of shape rocky you where's your car
General Patton here had a great strategy
to leave it behind hey it worked at that
tank and shown up you lost a Jeep oh man
lopid is going to be pissed where is it
what the hell is that thing that's the
thing hey uh Krista you'll hold the flag
for a little bit away from me finest
Jeep because it locked on target well
unlock it laughs and I unlock it I kill
church oh right keeps you to the Jeep in
I hate to be the one to point this out
guys but I think we're screwed I have to
agree with the rookie on this one Blood
Gulch outpost number one come in Blood
Gulch outpost come in here you read me
good Sarge oh my god sergeant that you
Roger that kravet i'm currently inbound
to your position from command sir hello
Simmons I hope everything you've gone
all right well I've been gone actually
sir these are kind of hectic right now
the new-look Eli's and somehow he
managed to interface booth base and now
we have the flag the real heart is
damaged one of the guys said and there's
a huge fucking paint about to destroy
our base and not talking to the right
page Sarge we are going to die here for
the whole time boys I think I got a
solution to your little tank problems oh
hey caboose you might want to get out of
the tank like right now I can't figure
out how to get this thing open
okay rookie get out now okay open it
okay kilauea please open the door driver
canopy open thank you for using DM 808 v
main battle baby's ready man that was
close look at your tank though I'm
scared Dave my dream no no Sheila Sheila
wait who Sheila Sheila the lady in the
tank she was my friend oh dude I know
you could pick up chicks in a tank